hi I'm chef Sarah Tresser baking
application specialist here at Blodgett
and I'm going to go through the manual
control with you right here I'm showing
it actually on the DFT 100 but it is our
standard control but on every Blodgett
convection oven this is the mode switch
you line up your line to the position
that you'd like to be in right now it is
in the off position you would turn it to
the right to turn into the cook position
or to turn your oven on you can also
hear that the fan kicks on when you turn
it to the cook mode now you can turn it
back to off and then this over here is
cool down so you would turn the dial to
the left to put it into the cool down
position which would quickly cool your
oven from one temperature to another or
cool it off for the end of the day you
also have the option of lights do you
push and hold to turn your lights on and
your release to turn the lights off you
also have a two speed fan high and low
you just simply switch your switch to
the fan speed that you desire so now for
the thermostat on this thermostat you
can set from 200 to 500 degrees but on
the XL version you can set from 150
degrees to 550 degrees Fahrenheit you
turn simply turn your dial to the
desired temperature the oven ready light
will light up until your desired
temperature has been reached and then it
will go dark and here we have the timer
it is a 60-minute timer to set the timer
you simply just turn the dial to the
desired time and then once the time has
elapsed you simply turn it to the off
position some ovens will come with a
digital timer and that's all you need to
do to set it is turn the knob to the
time you'd like
once the time is elapsed of other buzzer
will sound you can just turn the dial to
turn it off and here we have the gas
shutoff button you would like to leave
it in the on position all the time
unless you have a call for service